# Step 6: Deployment and Live Demo

## Deployment Process
After the model is flashed to the Syntiant TinyML board, connect using the edge-impulse-daemon which uses a serial connection to the board. The edge-impulse-data-forwarder can also be used to send the data to the Edge Impulse software for further model development. If you are having connectivity or board detection issues but you managed to flash the model, you can specify the COM port to which the daemon serial script will connect with. There may be additional approaches online which utilize the Arduino IDE if you have trouble with both of the guides provided in the integration issues document. 

## Expected Demonstration Results
After the model is flashed on the board and the serial data connection is established for monitoring / data collection, the model will continuously run. Each inference is based on a "live" 3-second audio sample. You can monitor the classification the model gives for each inference using the serial connection, or program the board LEDs for visual signaling. Deployed testing can be executed, whether using digital audio recordings or live animals. The data-forwarder is very useful for testing as you can automatically aggregate the audio samples and classification results in the Edge Impulse software. If the animal noise is coming from a known species, then the accuracy of the deployed model can be calculated. The accuracy of our model was relatively high for the testing done through the Edge Impulse software, so deployed testing would be expected to yield a similar level of accuracy. 
